Update samples to be based on .NET Core 3.0 (#1324)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: samples/dotnetapp/dotnet-docker-selfcontained.md

* [Debian x64 self-contained sample, with build and unit testing](Dockerfile.debian-x64-selfcontained)
* [Debian ARM32 self-contained sample, with build and unit testing](Dockerfile.debian-arm32-selfcontained)

## Assembly trimming

> The self-contained Dockerfiles make use of the .NET Core trimming tool that can reduce the size of applications by analyzing IL and trimming unused assemblies.  For a helloworld application, the linker reduces the size from ~68MB to ~28MB. The size wins may be more favorable or more moderate for larger applications.  To learn more about assembly trimming see the [.NET Core 3.0 Preview 6 blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-core-3-0-preview-6/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The self-contained Dockerfiles make use of the .NET Core trimming tool that can reduce the size of applications by analyzing IL and trimming unused assemblies.  For a "Hello World" application, the linker reduces the size from ~68MB to ~28MB. The size wins may be more favorable or more moderate for larger applications.  To learn more about assembly trimming see the [.NET Core 3.0 Preview 6 blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-core-3-0-preview-6/).
```
